CRDL-397: Updates readmes with sm2, internal auth, url, query params , runAllChecks, MDTP link and removes activeAt (#45)
hmrc/crdl-cache: ADDING-CODELISTS.md

* For a code list, add it to `import-codelists.codelists`.

>   You will need a `keyProperty` which determines the data item in the DPS API response to use as the `key` of the entry. For example, in the NCTS entity definitions contain an `isprimarykey` property which can help to identify the `keyProperty`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You will need a `keyProperty` which determines the data item in the DPS API response to use as the `key` of the entry. The NCTS entity definitions contain an `isprimarykey` attribute which can help to identify the `keyProperty`.
```
